"It is wonderful, it is beautiful, and I thank you all. Again we follow the teachings, again we
follow the teachings of the great teacher,
Mother Chagamuni, the holy teachings, and to do that again we learn as always the teachings said,
and the teachings we heard from the great masters, one after another, they will always act worthy
and arise in the race of the good motivations, great good motivations, and that motivation is your
inefficiencies,
and we should feel your inefficiencies. And then we go together, today we are going to reflect
and study and contemplate the teaching of the great teacher, Mother Chagamuni,
in order to benefit for all beings, to benefit myself, to benefit all beings,
to purport the dural purpose that I am going to do. Then you have that intuitive thought,
reach that strongly in the heart and mind. And then with that thought and brain also where you are
not teaching,
Mother Dzogchen teaching, the reality level is everything is enlightened state,
everything is in three higher stages, even though we don't sit at this moment, but that is where
things are.
So come and bring up that motivation and at least open our door for the motivation,
toward the big wall, the reality of the basic goodness of where things are. And those all are known
as motivations.
With those motivations, then again as we are talking this time, also as a foundation,
and foundation of Dzogchen practices for renowned sessions.
And for renowned sessions, which is great teaching, as the teachings of the first two noble truths,
which is the suffering truth, cause of suffering truth. When we know that and then we are
practicing
and going through Dzogchen teaching, that is part truth. We are following the part truth.
And the result, the achievement, whatever we get going through the practice of Dzogchen,
those are known as SSA attitude, and the final realization is then the youthful wise body
or reaching of the port vision, port vision, and that is the final kind of achievement of the
journey of the part truth.
So with first is, again, this foundation. Fondration, or this "Porino Saka" thought,
is the honor stones or the anchor of the practices, as in the teaching always, it must be said.
And devotion is, again, is the light of the practices. It might be light, it might be warm, it
might be beautiful.
So that again, with the devotion of this "Porino Saka" thought,
we were, one after another, really dead. And yesterday we discussed, there will be a border,
the karma, karma and cause and effort of the inevitable. So, karma is inevitable,
according to the teaching, unless we cleanse and purify that. Otherwise, we are going to really
make sure
it will work properly, whether it is good or whether it is bad, or whether it is mixture.
And good karma will bring good result, bad karma will bring bad result, and mixture of karma,
that means mixture of good and bad, will mix your results, exactly as we plant the seed,
and that will break that, exactly that, results. And then, among that fourth is, that bad karma,
bad karma is negative with it. When there is negative with it, natural negative with it,
we listed all those ten natural negative with it. And ten negative with it, and then plus,
and then there is also known as the negative with it, that we can make by, by,
what's called, carelessly, we can make mistakes, and those are taught by the Buddhas.
In the Vinaya teaching, in the Mayana teaching, in the Vinaya teaching, we make the mistakes.
Those are known as 'publicated mistakes', 'publicated mistakes'.
And those mistakes, when it happens, it is mistakes, then it makes, makes it obscurations, negative
with it.
So now, when we are thinking of these obscurations, when that happens, the karma happens,
it is, that's very important to cleanse and purify that. That is really the most important.
In every good karma, every did something good, you should acknowledge that,
and feel happy and dedicated in everything. Even the smallest things,
that we did something really good, feel happy, and wish that I can do more next time.
We always inspire yourself, always think for yourself, acknowledge yourself,
that I did good things, to benefit myself, to all the things that in some degree I did this.
That's effervescent activities, and then immediately, we can do, purify that.
And that is so important in the teachings, it is cleansing and purifying.
In the great master, in his teaching, he said, the great master Atika, when he came,
he said that, I never made any mistakes, because he didn't make any mistakes,
as natural mistakes or naked videos. But when he came to those that were propagated,
or the Buddha's teaching, or the rules and regulations, or vows,
if you say vows, vows and samayas, then he said,
in the Vinaya teaching, rules, in the Parthi Mokja rules,
I didn't make any. It's always been quite good.
And when he came to the bodhisattva, vows, then it becomes very lingering.
And when he came to the vumahayaka very in a while, then it becomes really mixed up.
But in the teaching he said, that the lifestyle said,
ever that happened, immediately, great master Atika purifies.
Immediately, acknowledge and purify that. Clares with him.
And most days, in the teaching he said, if you do it purify,
then it kind of build up, build up, become stronger and stronger, stronger.
And if you use the example, stain, it becomes more kind of stain, tarnish, more tarnish.
But immediately, we can soon, we can purify that, then it clean, clares with him.
And the teaching often said, mistake or has no good qualities,
but it has no good qualities, we can clean, purify.
Can we clean that? So cleaning is so important.
Purify is so important.
That's why in the Buddha's teaching, that according to Vinaya, according to Mahayana,
in the Vedayana, there is always purificacy.
And that purificacy systems in the Vinaya teaching, I think it's similar,
similar with Christianity's, that those are, they go in the box, box and what?
Box and box fashion.
What? Confession. Confession.
Confession, box or confection chamber, go and confection that.
In the Buddhism, in the Vedaya teaching, they don't go in the box or chamber particularly,
but always you can purify, or compress, purify, really other Sangha friends,
who has similar vows and similar morality,
who is observing and taking care of the keeper of the morality, you can purify that
and mention that, and stay in front of those with the Buddha's stage of shrine,
if not the shrine, in front of that, you explain what happened, what I did with this, I purify it.
And there is kind of certain little bit, each of the box stations and do that,
and then say that things, and then in the end, that other one will say,
"Whoa, that was a skillful mitts, skillful mitts and snapping that."
And then it's a clay, according to the teaching.
In the Mahasatram, in the Mahayana teaching, then it teaches, again, it looks slightly different,
doing this sattva, and that is, you can meditate, feel the presence of it,
such as 35 Buddhas, the companions, three hips, many of them have that sattva,
it's a very famous sattva, sattva to purification, purification, three hips,
hip of the negativities, hip of the ball stations, hip of the dedication and aspirations.
With that, feel the presence of the Buddhas and bodhisattvas, and then purify that.
In the Mahasatram, the Mahayana teaching, then there is mune, but among all that in the teaching,
purify with various sattva practices.
That is the most powerful and so effective and powerful,
because in the teaching, it says, "Mahayana sattva, before we get enlightenment,
we become Buddhahood," that was his commitment, or aspirations,
that, "When I need to become enlightenment, or whoever has any negativity of spiritual,
may I purify that. By hearing my name or practice on me, may I purify that."
As he had that aspiration there, because Vedya sattva is the enlightenment, according to the
teachings,
so therefore, Vedya sattva practice is the most powerful and effective and great purification,
that we all received that teaching.
So therefore, really that is one of them.
Great practice, and then that is, again, when you practice the Vedya sattva,
in the teaching that we learned also in the teaching of mune practices, four powers.
That is really the important, four powers.
And those four powers, the power of the object, power of the uprooting,
and power of restoring, and power of the unbeheld.
Those four powers, in the teaching said, these four powers have used that technique to cleanse and
purify,
no matter whatever it is, it will clearse you, it will purify you.
And the first power of the object is, we know, it is Vedya sattva.
Vedya light, Vedya sattva.
There is many different, also, Vedya sattva in front, above, and one's home side, Vedya light.
But a hole in the purificary joint, Vedya light, Vedya sattva,
above one's head, and facing the same directions.
Same directions with Vedya light. Vedya sattva is embodiment of all the Buddhas,
of three times and ten directions.
We all know that Vedya sattva, that.
And Vedya sattva is also the principle of the Lord of the Mandanas.
In the teaching said, one hundred Buddhas can summarize into five Buddhas, or ten Buddhas.
But ten Buddhas can summarize into one Buddhas.
That is Vedya sattva.
Vedya sattva is the source of all the display of the according of the Buddha.
Everyone, therefore, he said, the medha, the principle of deity,
or the Lord of all the Buddhas of Heavens.
And Vedya sattva is also so powerful, so important.
Therefore, every Vedya in the teaching has Vedya sattva practices.
Out of Tantra, in a Tantra, every time we need practices,
there is always Vedya sattva practices, too.
So that is the meaning of other Vedya sattva.
And so, so, embodiment of all the Buddhas have strong devotions.
And in the teaching said, power of the object has the outer power of object, inner power of object.
Power of object, outer power of object is the Vedya sattva.
We visualize on that.
Our above all head, transcendent, versus the brand of body,
with concern or without concern.
Which even that is.
Many times, in a Tantra, it is with concern.
So, visualize that.
And the power of inner, inner power is our devotions.
Our devotion, our bodhicata, our determinations.
That is really, that we have strong, strong devotions.
And also strong bodhicata.
We are practicing of the Jedding and the Mahayana practice, the Vedya and the practice.
It is not just only for us.
Every practice, that is to benefit all beings, or to benefit one's own self, and to others, your
purposes.
That is the, that.
So therefore, also have strong bodhicata.
And the devotions, and the determinations, I am going to clarify this.
So those are the teachings here. Power, inner power, object of inner body.
Now combine that two, toghede.
Toghede, we are going to cleanse it, and put it through.
And so with that, that is power of the object.
Second power of the object is, sorry, second power is, power of the uprooting.
Uprooting. What we are going to uproot?
Uprooting the negativity, that obscurations, that we are going to uproot.
And how many negativities, generally, according to the teaching said,
how many obscurations? We have two obscurations.
Emotional obscurations, knowledge obscurations.
And then furthermore, we have divided, or opening in teaching said, four obscurations.
Garment obscurations, emotional obscurations, and knowledge obscurations, habit obscurations.
So emotional obscurations is divided in one more, which is garment obscurations.
Particularly this time, we are focused to purify the garment obscurations.
Garment obscurations.
Well, actually we did that, we did negative, negative.
We are going to purify. And then that becomes the stain of the knot,
caused by the emotional obscurations.
Of course, it's all effort, it's all effort.
But we are going to purify the garment obscurations.
Garment obscurations.
In the teaching said, if we tend to that, highlight that garment.
Whatever we did, highlight that.
Highlight of the time.
Highlight by the physical thing.
And that garment is written by the principle, act by physical,
or by verbally, by mentally. Mentally.
And activated that also highlighted to whom we targeted that.
What did they have preferred?
You can highlight that.
And we highlighted that in the teaching said,
that really meant so begin to uproot.
We are using the powerful detergent, detergent to clear away that.
So highlight that. Highlight it.
Time, time level like this is like month, day, or month, year, month, day.
And even hours, we can highlight that.
Wouldn't that happen?
We are sincerely that.
And then if we didn't remember that things.
And then just said, all that I don't remember in the past lives,
whatever I did mistakes, whatever that hurt, we needed that.
That really can strongly highlight that.
And we have that, that.
And also same time, acknowledge that.
That means acknowledge mistake is a mistake.
Kind of feel, I did one whole something.
Acknowledge it to yourself.
It's not something that you have to tell through that.
I did something mistakes, and I'm going to clear away that.
Clear away that. Acknowledge that.
And they have a highlight of time,
and both physically, verbally, mentally, to whom,
and what will be performed, all that you highlight.
Highlight.
That is known as the power of the uprooting.
Power of the uprooting.
And the power of the restoring.
Now to claim it.
Claim it, that.
That nature of the power of the restoring is,
in the teachings said that, what is?
That you have the determination that I'm not going to repeat that again.
Have some duty of the confirmation of conventions in our heart and mind
that I'm not going to repeat that.
By the blessings of the Buddha, and the Dharma, and the Sangha,
Guru Mooji, and everyone in Vayasatham,
I may, I never repeat that again.
And I'm not going to do it.
Have that kind of determination, conviction is power.
And it will clearly, it will restore, it will restore.
With that, then use the power of the undidot.
Undidot is then practiced with yourselves.
Practice, so with all that thought, and power of the undidot,
and joining the mantra, exactly where you like it,
according to teaching that I'm you, you learn,
what you're according to teaching in the mud,
and the bhagalaya, and receiving all the nakras, healing nakras,
purification nakras, cleve, all the obscurations,
mistakes, the mistakes, whatever that thing for,
or that was intentionally, unintentionally, anything that we did,
did anything, or even past lives, whatever that,
now it's cleansing purifying, and everything said that,
all this went to-do, negativity kind of came,
according to your practice, it clears everything purify.
And all went, and that came, and then also that transformed,
kind of all, it also gives you all those kind of dead honors,
all those who are expecting something from you,
they got that and everything was satisfied,
happy in the joy of them.
Any kind, that way, the sattva mantra, the 100 syllable mantra,
at least 21 times, or 7 times, 21 times,
and then of course, when the practice is over 100,000 is that,
that of course, whenever you did this,
but do the practices, and then that,
and then at the end, and the various sattva,
and our joy, and our children, or our son,
and our daughter, now you're completed,
purify your obscurations delightfully with smiling,
and melted various sattva, and merge to yourself,
or dissolve to yourself, and then,
then, again, with the visualization of the various sattva,
or just one various sattva, and then all various sattva,
and the entire universe is transformed,
the mandala, or the purland of various sattva,
everyone is tiring various sattva,
all the songs are the various sattva mantra,
all forms of the various sattva,
All the conservators are the vast space of the Dharma guy, serious, and he joined the Vaija Sato
mantra, continually short mantra. That is what the teaching said.
All you can visualize, the entire universe has become the medalla of the five Vaija Sato feminists,
white Vaija Sato, who ever is covered.
All of them have said white Vaija Sato, yellow Vaija Sato, red Vaija Sato, blue Vaija Sato, and
green Vaija Sato. Entirely the universe is transformed in that nature state.
Everyone tried the same thing, and the Atrayu or the resounded mantra of the Vaija Sato.
So those are known as the practice of purification. When you purify that, and then all the negative
is purified.
Negative is well purified, as much as you practice it. So it really restores.
And that's why in the Vaijaana teaching also, every time there is called 'sopjung', 'mata sopjung'
is called 'restory purification', 'restory of the samayas' every 15 days.
They do in Vinaya teaching group, they talk about it, they do that ceremony, and Vaijaana teaching,
there's particularly ceremony sadhana.
They do these sopjung practices, restoring the samaya practices.
And for example, for us, like this, our 10th vaija and 20th vaija is also restored sopjung too,
because we make offerings, such as offering, and then do the Vaija Sato practice of our goal name,
Sten's King.
We join in the practice, it's no time, but we make offerings, we make offerings of the 'hamadana',
we make offerings of the 'rabda', we make offerings of the 'thoma', we make offerings of the 'light
', and those are very important offerings.
And also in a very special samva life, according to Vaijaana teaching, it's very big offering, with
that offering, and then we make the Vaija, Sten's King, that purification practice, which is also
restoring, and then also the 'sarnoni' of 'varungki', or the 'sindhoja' practice, which is special.
Again, our conversation practices that. So, those are, these are so, so beautiful and so important
things.
So, those are generally, again, to maintain our, our kind of restore our, our obscurations, or
remove the obscurations, and restart our, our realizations.
And then it's not just, we purify the negative, we kind of only purify that.
When we do that, what we accommodate the merit, merit, accommodate the merit, what's the merit? It
's all really fulfilling, so therefore, what is going out is the obscurations.
What is gaining is merit, merit. When you gain the merit, that means realization is coming.
What is the realization? Is that realization of loving kindness, conviction, versus all that is
really growing, shining, so that is what, you know, practice, this purification is promoting each
time that we can do that.
And then, so that's, that's just, again, part of this poor, poor and no second thought. That's the
karma, we're talking about the karma today.
And as I said, there is good karma. If anything activity that we can really always rejoice and
happy, acknowledge, and always inspire ourself, ourself.
Feel happy, acknowledge, we know the pride of arrogance, but aspire and always kind of put it, try
to put the high levels, always kind of advance the level of the capabilities, always with that.
I mean, putting, putting that, that, that is what in the teaching said, and we're all so important.
So now, with those understanding, we again, we go to the top.